h1. RoR3 Gang's Clock

h3. What is it?

* People are connected by internet all over the World
* They are generally grouped in Gangs
* They are in different Time Zones
* A Web application pointing out each of my Gang members' Time Zone, would be nice.
* I would like to develop it using Ruby on Rails 3

h3.  Side effect:

* It will also be, a step by step guide in developing, testing and publishing a RoR3 application.

h3. How it will be conducted?

* The application will be called **r3gc**
* We will be doing almost everything manually
* Using a proved methodology
* Separated entries for each of the application development steps

For more information, please, refer to the "Project Wiki(Wiki Home) ":https://github.com/marcric/ror3gangsclock/wiki page.

h3. How does it begun? Who is behind it?

* I have had the idea in mid 2009.
* It was based on a original 2008 work from "Satoshi Asakawa(ashbb on Twitter) ":http://twitter.com/ashbb
* Originally published "here(original gangsclock) ":http://the-shoebox.org/apps/75, then evolved into "here(gangsclock2 on github) ":https://github.com/ashbb/gangsclock2/ and "here(gangsclock3 on github) ":https://github.com/ashbb/gangsclock3/
* Now, in the beginning of 2011 it is time to implement it in Rails 3.
* I will learn and share in the process, as always.

 _*"Marcos Ricardo(MarcRic's Home) ":http://marcric.com*_

---

h2. License

This project is released under the "Creative Commons(Creative Commons by-sa page) ":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/ License, including all CSS and design stuff.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011. See License for details.
